## 19:18 - Victoria Meeting
- She wants google tag manager on the pages and tag specific events on the pages.
- We want to use google tag manager to track:
	- Where users are coming from,
	- What users are doing on the page,

- Want to try and track if a user is a paying user or a registered user, or what have you.
- We want to know what's causing the transitions between the different user types and why the users are bothering to go from one type of user to another.
- Blog post for cofounders is the most looked at blog.
- Victoria knows how to setup the Google Tags on the website.
- Want to get onto Victoria's account and see if I can get into the backend.
- What direction is Victoria wanting to take the reel or posts? What would Victoria like to focus on posting?
- Victoria is trying to reinforce how great we are as an app, trying to put forward our USPs.
- Instagram is user generation.
- Victoria is much better at generating content than Florence!
- Victoria is focusing on training the eye of Florence, to make sure the posts are incredibly visually appealing, but not going to town on her content choice just yet.

## 20:12 - Laura meeting on tech site
- Testing the feasibility of the AI is going to be built into the application.
- Methods to reduce digital exclusion, speaking, text, etc.
- Integrating into NHS systems, explore this as an option.
- Private systems produce a summary that they email into a GP practice and then get access to their internal systems.
- Injection required to transition it to a proper flutter application.

## 23:15 - Admin Fiddling to find issue with Editor
- I've just been looking to see what's going on with the Editor user type because it can't get access to the dashboard.
- Looks like the issue is that the previous developers have put in place some custom code that prevents the admin dashboard from being shown unless you're an admin. Pretty stupid imo, not even sure why they decided to do that, but it is what they've decided.
- Anyway, something to look at and potentially fix locally first and then push an update.

## 00:33 - Working on the free paywall again
- Please go to [[The Free Paywall]].