## 22:44 - Flutter app stream
- This stream will:
	- [x] Spend 1 hour using all AI tools I have at my disposal to make a Flutter app.
	- [ ] If all goes well, create a basic Flutter application from scratch.
	- [ ] The app should match the Figma Design that I have ready.

#### What is Flutter?
- It's an application creation framework written in the Dart programming language.
- Dart itself is a language made to be cross compilable to any of the major operating systems. Linux, Mac, Windows, Android, iOS browsers, whatever.
- It's intended to be a write your application once, run it everywhere. The intent is to save engineering effort, although it does come at the cost of some extra heft, not exactly bloat, because it's required to get the single code base, but not required if your write the app natively on any given platform.
- It's got a declarative style and was developed by Google to make application creation easier for developers.

### What is o1-preview
- The latest closed-source reasoning model from OpenAI.
- It's got really good performance in various human benchmarks and challenges, all good.
- From what I can tell it's something like GPT-4o with reinforcement learning added to it to help it improve how it reasons through a problem.
- It's pretty good, but I suspect not good enough to make this application by itself.

### I will be off topic when
- I stop talking about using o1-preview, or chatGPT in general to make something in Flutter.


## 23:09 - My initial prompt
```
I want to create an app for new mums, it should have five screens.

1. A login screen that uses Google login and google sign up etc.

2. A home page that has a single motivational quote on it that's shareable on Instagram.

3. A question and answer screen that helps users find articles (it serves informative medical information)

4. An article choice screen that lets users choose from a selection of articles.

5. An article screen that shows the article contents to the user.

The app is a health app. It should have a nice feminine squishy feel. I want to create this app in flutter. I have already set up the basics, give me the code for the screens that I need.
```

## 00:11 - I had issues running commands in flutter and dart
- Turns out I just had to add my flutter and dart installations to the path.
- It all worked fine after that.

## 00:38 - This is where Firebase initialisation goes
- I've added Firebase to the app apparently by doing this:
```dart
import 'package:firebase_core/firebase_core.dart';
import 'firebase_options.dart';

...

void main() async {
  // Initialise the Firebase app
  WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
  await Firebase.initializeApp(
    options: DefaultFirebaseOptions.currentPlatform,
  );

  runApp(const NewMumsApp());
}
```
- This is what's required to get firebase doing something in my app... or something?
- Okay, looks like I've got it working.
- I'll see if I the code will run now.