## 13:18 - Setting up Login
- [ ] I need to connect this app to my firebase account.
- [ ] I need to figure out how to add google sign in.
- [ ] I need to sign in with my account

- If I get this done, that's half the app, ish...

## 13:26 - Flutterfire issue
- It's telling me the package name isn't there. Seems to be, weird. #issue
- Turns out it was because I didn't put in the name of the application when FlutterFire asked me to. I left it blank. #fix-found 
- Flutterfire is a tool to make it easier to integrate firebase with flutter applications.
- The flutterfire configure tool adds a `firebase_options.dart` file which includes the configuration for firebase in your app. (I think)
- LOL, just re-running seems to have got rid of the issue. Love that.

## 13:24 - Adding firebase to project
- Apparently you need to import the following to your `main.dart` file:
```dart
import 'package:firebase_core/firebase_core.dart';
import 'firebase_options.dart';
```
- The `firebase_options.dart` file is generated by flutterfire, I guess it includes some form of configuration.
- The next bit to add is this apparently:
```dart
WidgetsFlutterBinding.ensureInitialized();
await Firebase.initializeApp(
  options: DefaultFirebaseOptions.currentPlatform,
);
runApp(const MyApp()); // This already exists, so just paste the rest above
```
- I think this is what I need to add to get firebase initialized and working in my set up.

## 13:39 - Issue importing
- So this has resulted in the following issue in debug: #issue
```dart
Launching lib\main.dart on Chrome in debug mode...
This app is linked to the debug service: ws://127.0.0.1:52615/ChHczeFIFfs=/ws
Debug service listening on ws://127.0.0.1:52615/ChHczeFIFfs=/ws
Connecting to VM Service at ws://127.0.0.1:52615/ChHczeFIFfs=/ws
Connected to the VM Service.
AppInspector: Error calling Runtime.evaluate with params {expression: require('dart_sdk').developer._extensions.keys.toList();, returnByValue: true, contextId: 1}Error: WipError -32000 Cannot find context with specified id

Utilities: Error in unawaited Future:Error: Bad state: No running isolate (inspector is not set).
Restarted application in 2,558ms.
Restarted application in 1,773ms.
```
- Apparently this can be solved by re-running the application. I'll give it a go.
- This could cause a problem because now I'm running the app in debug and from the terminal. #issue 
- Yep, it does cause a problem, I have two instances.
- No worries, I shut one down.
- Now I'll try and re-run the one in the debug session in vscode.
- eeyyy! It works, just needed a debug restart. I guess loading firebase in is a fairly big deal? Can't just be hot reloaded.

## 13:55 - Working on getting authentication in
- This is a good website you can look at to see setup: https://firebase.google.com/docs/flutter/setup?platform=android
- Here's the auth docs: https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/flutter/start
- Add the plugin:
```dart
flutter pub add firebase_auth
```
- Then restart like before.
- Apparently you also need to allow the authentication in your firebase project.
- Apparently some codes etc. are required to be provided.
- You can use firebase emulators to mock authentication apparently. Which would work nicely.
- Apparently adding this into your `main.dart` file is the right approach:
```dart
await FirebaseAuth.instance.useAuthEmulator('localhost', 9099);
```

## 14:08 - You can find your firebase project with??
- This command:
```sh
firebase projects:list
```
- You need the name of the project you want to use to run the emulator with.
- 