## 21:38 - Investigating the paywall
- The issue I'm having right now with the paywall is how stupid the system for getting this set up is. Everyone making code for WordPress wants their pound of flesh, they want money for making things just that little bit easier for you. It's a complete joke. It feels like to get the basic level of functionality you could end up paying £2k a year, for what? Utterly mental IMO.
- No, I tried looking at the following plugins, and I'll do a breakdown:
#### [Content Control](https://wordpress.org/plugins/content-control/)
- This seemed promising at first, but it looks like it's more of a plugin for control access to content based on the user role that someone takes.
- Not necessarily a bad thing tbh, but perhaps not the full solution.
- It has no integration with Stripe or any other payment processing solution, so it's not really a viable choice for the full thing.
- It would potentially still be an option though with another couple of plugins for managing user roles and perhaps gravity forms? I'm not fully certain but it's worth looking into as a potentially free option.

#### [Paid Memberships Pro](https://wordpress.org/plugins/paid-memberships-pro/)
- This is more of a full solution and seems to have a good overall offering, some people complain that its expensive but at $25 a month, it's really not that bad compared to the others!
- However, money is money, it's a ballache, we don't want to be paying all that money when we might not even be making it back in subscriptions yet!

#### [MemberPress](https://memberpress.com/plans/pricing/)
- This is again more of a complete solution, at $175 a year it's basically a full time job investment, although apparently it has all the tools you need.
- Again though, I'm struck by how much it costs, surely there's a better way to do this where we can just do it ourselves...?

#### [Zlick](https://wordpress.org/plugins/zlick-paywall/)
- These guys are a little bit interesting, this is their home site: https://www.zlick.it/pricing/
- It seems like you can have an unlimited number of people sign up directly through the Zlick interface as long as you're happy paying a 5% fee on any transactions. That's more like it, because we won't have to pay unless we actually have people coming through and paying for us.
- If you add on the stripe fee we're paying nearly 8% in fees for any sign up, but that's still pretty good all things considered for an easy setup.
- It would be expensive and maybe hard to move away from? I'm not fully sure how difficult it would be, but I guess, on some level, it wouldn't be that hard surely. They must be able to give us our user information, I'll need to investigate that first.
- Okay so I think actually maybe these are the guys to go for.

#### [Leaky Paywall](https://wordpress.org/plugins/leaky-paywall/)
- These guys just seem kind of shit.
- They don't have much information on how their service works, and they don't seem to offer much of a free version.
- Further, they're more expensive than basic MemberPress at $200 for basic or something.
- All in all, not worth looking into, few reviews and they're not glowing either.

## 23:16 - Free paywall options
- The other option is to go for something that's free.
- For example, perhaps I could use one of these plugins that lets me edit roles:
	- https://wordpress.org/plugins/members/
	- https://en-gb.wordpress.org/plugins/user-role-editor/
- Combine it with the content control plugin: https://en-gb.wordpress.org/plugins/content-control/
- And with the stripe integration for Gravity Forms: https://docs.gravityforms.com/category/add-ons-gravity-forms/stripe-add-on/
- And make some hacked together thing that might be a bit shit, but also might avoid me having to use any of these annoying third party systems. Of the lot, Zlick is the only one that I'm particularly interested in atm, but I don't necessarily need Zlick, I could probably make another role using a plugin like members or user role editor and then add a function in `functions.php` and say only people who have signed up can access this particular page. Otherwise, here's a redirect to the paywall that contains only the first 100 characters of the page or something like that.
- Can this really be that hard to create?
- I feel like it can't be surely. I'll post this in chatgpt and see what it thinks.
- ChatGPT thinks is a feasible and "resourceful" solution, LOL.
- Anyway, it is kind of resourceful, at least keeping the cost low for us all and not forcing us to be locked into a system that we don't necessarily want.
- I've sent an update message to the mumie team explaining what I believe the options are for the paywall and I've settled on trying the free version first.
- Because this is such a big deal, I've put it in its own Saga note, which you can find at [[Sagas/The Free Paywall]].