## 09:15 - Talking to Victoria about subscriptions
- The paywall style is okay, but it's missing an explanation of the various tiers and why they're better/ matter etc.
- We want to preference one of the options to reduce the decision making side of things. We don't really want them to make a decision about what they want to click, we don't want them thinking, just clicking on the one we want them to click on.
- Playing with the call to action, colours, size, etc. to make sure people know we think the best option is £9.99.
- People need to know what they're paying for.
- Victoria doesn't feel we've nailed the proposition for Mumie yet. We need to try and build out a directory for the various post natal activities that people want to do.
- Access to merch is good for free.
- We want to drop the price of the site at the moment to something like 99p a month for the blog.
- We want a directory that's basically just a combined list of all the people in the local area who provide post natal recovery services.
- We're not sure the tiers are correct for the site.
- We want to let Florence have a crack at redesigning the main dashboard so that we can figure out a new design that uses a lot more of the space on the screen that lets users access everything they want to access quickly without scrolling and in a way that's not mobile first on desktop.
- Want to the nail the layout before any (if any) colour scheme changes.

### Actions
1. Victoria sends me information on pricing and tiers and text for each of the tiers.
2. Set meeting with Florence to reorganise the app dashboard for 8:30 on Monday.
3. Finish the paywall set up, and "design" what a blocked page should look like.
4. Victoria to send a mood board of what it should look like.
5. Dummy designs to work on

## 10:09 - Today is a Jessie, Connie, and Gosling day 
- After my initial meeting with Victoria I don't think there's any chance of me doing anything until 7 or 8pm on the site!
- We're going to have a lovely day, just me and beautiful Jessie and the babe!
- Obviously there's still a lot to do on the site, and the paywall etc. but I think it's much more in hand now, especially with Victoria providing a mood board for me to work from and make something with.
- The design can be taken out of my hands and put in the hands of someone else.
- We need to redesign the standard post page on Mumie too, because at the moment it's plain text and just plain HORRIBLE.
- Maybe add a markdown plugin or something that makes it easier for them to write something that's really well formatted and beautiful? We'll see.

## 12:23 - Little bit of time between going out
- There's a little bit of time between me and Jess going out so I'm going to do a bit of work now! Lol. My new refrain, please see: [[The Free Paywall]].

## 12:33 - Thoughts about sharing the WordPress database with an app
- We can use a single lambda function or set of lambda functions that the app calls for data that then uses very specific database calls and therefore doesn't expose the database to SQL injection of any kind.