## 20:13 - Preparing to work on Flutter app
- Is there anything that I can realistically stream?
- Yes, I can just stream myself building the app from scratch, and only show the parts that should be of interest to a viewer, and stay quiet in the parts where I'm prone to mutter and witter on.
- In these parts I will fill the silence with copyright free music.
- Yeah, I'm going to do this and it's going to be incredible, LFGGG!!!

## 21:14 - Purpose
The purpose of this flutter app is to solve the crisis of deep female knowledge about life after maternity. It's semi taboo because it ceased to be a women's main role in society decades ago. It's almost viewed as dirty particularly by the generations before us. This means we've lost touch with that knowledge and it seems to make life for new mothers a lot harder than it needs to be. They don't understand what's happening to them and they have no one to turn to. This app seeks to mend that by giving them a community they can rely on, draw upon, and build with.

In doing so, the larger aim is to make motherhood, simpler, easier, and more fun and freeing so that women can do it and enjoy it. It's deliberately there to incentivise becoming a mother, and I would like it to be part of the answer to the plummeting birth rates in the west.

## 21:18 - What to show
- This stream is going to show the development of the app, not fully sure what it's going to cover but I can change the name of the stream after the fact when I do know.
- I think going with the story rather than the boring tech bit is important.