## 09:30 - Team meeting
- We need the following for the paywall:
	1. To make products on Stripe and find ways to auto-pull them through, so management of subscriptions is done on Stripe.
	2. Add something to the WordPress UI that lets the Mumie team manage what Stripe account payments are going through.
	3. Need to settle on a design in Figma for the subscription side of things. Would be good to do this soon.
	4. Do we want to have free content each month, like one story or three stories or something?
	5. Need to discuss the strategy on providing free content.
	6. Is there a discount code that we can set up, or a referral commission in Stripe.

- Florence making waves on Instagram and Linkedin, got a fairly big person to follow us.
- Florence and Vicky to create a strategy moving forward for growth.
- Vicky has found three price points are a common number of price points to offer.
- Team haven't been pushing into local businesses because we don't have a paywall.
- Florence loves the old Mother Rage stuff.

## 10:23 - Paywall Introduction
- Need to have a Figma Jam meeting. Or maybe Vicky just does it.
- We want the Coupons to be involved as well before deployment.
- We want the WordPress UI to have a feature that lets the admin decide what Stripe account they want to link to the site.

## 10:36 - Tech hardening
- Tech hardening is planned and everyone is on board with the idea of it.

## 23:01 - Sign up and log in
- Sarah has raised some concerns about the log in and sign up process, I'm going to correct live and see what she thinks.
- All of her concerns have already been addressed really. Not exactly sure what the issue is.
- I'm going to get mum to sign up and see how hard she finds it.