## 09:10 - Amazon SES complete!
- I have actually signed up for Amazon SES now, we have a fair few emails that we've been given that we can send, something like 50k a day and no more than 14 a second. Pretty damn good.
- So we're out of that little jail. Hopefully that means we can now setup all the email automations and get that flying along.
- I need to setup email bounces as well now, and setup a process for handling issues.

## 09:10 - Email Automation
- Of the tasks that I currently have left to complete, I think email automation is the most important one.
- Paywalls are great, but it really matters if we can have emails come out automatically, it will save a lot of time for everybody.
- So I'm not fully sure how the email automation can get set up really. The emails work when I ask for a test one to be sent to my email account. Even to email accounts I definitely don't have setup in Amazon SES as registered accounts.

## 09:32 - Florence meeting
- She was doing a lot of copywriting.
- She seems ready to go, a lot of information coming at her tbf.
- Good chat about having children and the trials and tribulations!

## 10:08 - Emails work!
- I've just checked the emails and whether they work or not. It seems like password reset links are coming through, and the user signs up and gets immediate access.
- Now we need to focus on automating some of the flow, welcoming people and asking them if they'd like email notifications for XYZ.

## 10:23 - Potential issues
- There's currently no way to delete your account and your data. This will definitely need to be added to the website.
- You're forced to complete the health questionaire before accessing anything else on the site.
- The health questionaire thing looks so goddamn annoying, it's horrible imo.
- The whole site is annoying, the colour scheme is terrible, again, imo.
- I need to figure out where the automatic email for setting up the account goes, and how to fully automate that process with a nice welcome email, well formatted etc. Could get Florence to help me with this one.