# Goal 1 - Site Analytics
- [x] Complete
- Monster Analytics or whatever it's called is the first thing I need to integrate into the wordpress site so I can link it up to google analytics and see what people are getting on to.
- Once I've got this I'll be able to figure out what sort of user traffic we expect and right-size the AWS instance.
- This is nearly complete, except for the fact there seems to be google analytics embedded into the site or something. I need to look into this and figure out what's going on.
	- [x] Remove the other tags from the website by removing them from the theme pages.
	- [x] Look a bit deeper into Google analytics and see if there's any easy wins in terms of building reporting dashboards.
	- [x] Speak to Florence and Victoria about this, is there something they need me to do? Are they happy doing it themselves?

# Goal 2 - Stress testing the AWS server
- [ ] Complete
- The server that I'm currently using is a t3.medium, this might be fine for large traffic, it might not be, I don't know.
- To see if it is fine I need to:
	- [ ] Build a cloud formation script that sets up a test architecture the same as what I currently have set up.
	- [ ] Smash that test architecture with locust on Python.
	- [ ] Produce a report detailing how quickly it takes it to fail.

# Goal 3 - Setting up email automation
- [ ] Complete
- To get everything running smoothly on user sign up I need to automate the emails that we're currently sending.
- To do this I need to:
	- [x] Make an email account on AWS so we can use it in WordPress as our email provider.
	- [ ] Setup the emails that should be sent to users on WordPress, and show Sarah and Laura how to edit them.
	- [ ] Produce an article and a video on how to edit them.
	- [x] Test the email automation by making multiple new accounts.
	- [ ] Setup bounce and ignore/ bad delivery etc. tracking.
	- [ ] Setup a process for handling emails that keeps amazon happy that we're not abusing their service.

# Goal 4 - Stabilizing and Improving the Infrastructure
- [ ] Complete
- At the moment the infrastructure could potentially fail if the database failed, or the single EC2 instance failed.
- Currently there is nothing that will restart the server if it fails. This needs to change to make the site resistant to error.
- I need to:
	- [ ] Research the possible failure conditions/ reasons for an EC2 instance and an RDS instance.
	- [ ] Follow tutorials or best practices on how to reload these instances if there's a failure.
	- [ ] Create an RDS instance in a second Availability Zone on AWS.
	- [ ] Check if the data stored in RDS is currently encrypted.
	- [ ] If it's not encrypted figure out how to encrypt it.
	- [ ] Change the single instance target group to an auto scaling group and setup automatic reboots.
	- [ ] Use a brand new cloud formation script to test this and ensure it's robust to extremely high traffic.
	- [ ] Try DDoSing the service to see if you can shut it down.
	- [ ] Look into Elastic File System and if it's easy to clickops this into the system so that multiple servers can run from the same base idea.
	- [ ] Set up CloudFront to block known bot traffic, 60% of our traffic is from bots atm.

# Goal 5 - Setup a paywall
- [ ] Complete
- We would like a paywall to start charging for the content we're creating on the site.
- This is quite a large change and almost all simple options cost money.
- Therefore, I have decided to try and set up a paywall using free technology and a bit of graft on my part.
- Making changes like this means I need a local site so I don't mess up anything on the live site.
- So to do this I need:
	- [ ] Setup a local deployment of the live site.
	- [ ] Figure out if Stripe can be used for a call out to the UI.
	- [ ] Figure out how I can manually add things to the database for all users.
	- [ ] Figure out how I can call on the database to show things to some users but not to others.
	- [ ] Figure out how I can server side render teasers of articles.
	- [ ] Figure out how I can add a limit of X articles a day to each user.
	- [ ] Figure out how I can setup a system that produces codes and lets users use them as activation codes.

# Goal 6 - Setup a dev site
- [ ] Complete
- It's best practice in development to have a live site and a development site, and only make changes on dev before pushing to live site.
- This dev site should perfectly mirror the live site and should only be spun up when testing needs to be done in the production environment.
- To do this I need to:
	- [ ] Build a script that automatically deploys the infrastructure and prepares it for testing.
	- [ ] Write scripts that auto-test functionality on the dev site.
	- [ ] Write scripts that take changes I make locally and push them to the dev site.
	- [ ] Figure out a local development pattern that lets me make changes without issues.
	- [ ] Add the site to the route 53/ cloudfront distribution as dev.mumie.health and dev.app.mumie.health or something.
	- [ ] Figure out how to make this work correctly with the names in the system and what have you.
	- [ ] Automate all of this deployment gubbins and make it so only me, and other mumie team members have access to this site.
	- [ ] Make some test changes for the Paywall.
	- [ ] Figure out how to hot swap the information in this site to the live site.